README_en.md, before:

# Carpet-Igny-Addition

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/liuyuexiaoyu1/Carpet-Igny-Addition)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

[中文](README.md) | **English**

## Dependencies

| Name | Type | Links                                                                                                                                                                       |
|------|------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Carpet | Required | [MC百科](https://www.mcmod.cn/class/2361.html) &#124; [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/carpet) &#124; [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/carpet) |
| MixinExtras | Built-in | [MC百科](https://www.mcmod.cn/class/12750.html)                                                                                                                           |
| Fabric API | Required | [MC百科](https://www.mcmod.cn/class/3124.html) &#124; [Official](https://fabricmc.net/)                                                                                         |
| SQLite JDBC | Built-in |  [Github](https://github.com/xerial/sqlite-jdbc) &#124; [Maven Repository](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/org.xerial/sqlite-jdbc)                                |

## Version Support

| Game Version | Development Status | Last Supported Version |
|--------------|-------------------|------------------------|
| 1.21(.1) (Main) | Maintained | - |
| 1.21.2 ~ Latest Release | Maintained | - |

## Docs

### Rules

[All rules](Rules_en.md)

### Commands

[All commands](Commands_en.md)

## Download

- [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/carpet-igny-addition)
- [Github](https://github.com/liuyuexiaoyu1/Carpet-Igny-Addition/releases/latest)
- [Github Action](https://github.com/liuyuexiaoyu1/Carpet-Igny-Addition/actions)

Commit message:

添加： 规则： - commandPlayerOperate (https://github.com/liuyuexiaoyu1/Carpet-Igny-Addition/issues/6)
指令：
/playerOperate

README_en.md, after:

# Carpet-Igny-Addition

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/liuyuexiaoyu1/Carpet-Igny-Addition)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

[中文](README.md) | **English**

## Dependencies

| Name | Type | Links                                                                                                                                                                       |
|------|------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Carpet | Required | [MC百科](https://www.mcmod.cn/class/2361.html) &#124; [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/carpet) &#124; [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/carpet) |
| MixinExtras | Built-in | [MC百科](https://www.mcmod.cn/class/12750.html)                                                                                                                           |
| Fabric API | Required | [MC百科](https://www.mcmod.cn/class/3124.html) &#124; [Official](https://fabricmc.net/)                                                                                         |
| SQLite JDBC | Built-in |  [Github](https://github.com/xerial/sqlite-jdbc) &#124; [Maven Repository](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/org.xerial/sqlite-jdbc)                                |

## Version Support

| Game Version | Development Status | Last Supported Version |
|--------------|-------------------|------------------------|
| 1.21(.1) (Main) | Maintained | - |
| 1.21.2 ~ Latest Release | Maintained | - |

## Docs

### Rules

[All rules](Rules_en.md)

**The rules marked with "Bata" are test rules and can only be downloaded and used in Github Action builds!!**

### Commands

[All commands](Commands_en.md)

## Download

- [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/carpet-igny-addition)
- [Github](https://github.com/liuyuexiaoyu1/Carpet-Igny-Addition/releases/latest)
- [Github Action](https://github.com/liuyuexiaoyu1/Carpet-Igny-Addition/actions)
